there is little left for children in
Gaza to celebrate this which marks the
end of
Ramadan but in RAF Gaza Southern m city
a group of musicians is creating a
festive
[Music]
atmosphere we are organizing activities
for the children in collaboration with
volunteers we want to bring joy to these
children in celebration of Eid despite
the bombing suffering fear and losses
Eid is a day we can't miss we do our
best to offer Smiles songs and
activities to remind children that there
is always
[Music]
hope the musicians organize games for
the
youngsters giving them something other
than the war to focus
on Israeli attacks have killed more than
14 and a half thousand children since
October the 7th thousands more are
missing injured or orphaned schools have
been destroyed education disrupted and
families
shattered many of these children have
lost loved ones hundreds of thousands of
families forced from their homes Now
call tent camps like this one
home this year's Aid is really tough
because of the war we didn't get new
clothes and couldn't have Eid cookies we
hope to return to our home
safely a hope shared by all
Palestinians but the attacks are
Relentless and with the Israeli Prime
Minister's announcement that a date has
been set for a ground invasion of Rafa
even this temporary Sanctuary is at
[Applause]
risk SAR Al
jazer
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al
jazer